README.md, before:

# Quilt Client Enhancements
A compliment/add-on to the [Additive](https://modrinth.com/modpack/additive) Optifine alternative, this modpack improves your client even further.

If you're interested in other content like datapacks, mods, and more modpacks, check out my [Modrinth page](https://modrinth.com/user/badooga).

## Features
The feature lists below are not exhaustive.

<details>
<summary>Management</summary>
A few extra powerful features have been added that make this modpack stand out:

- An in-game skin menu that lets you swap your skin without having to use the launcher
- An in-game downloader/manager for the various [Vanilla Tweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/) resource packs
- An optional shared resources feature to sync your keybinds, resource packs, shaders, and other options between instances
</details>

<details>
<summary>Game</summary>
This modpack upgrades your game experience in a number of ways:

- High quality animations for eating, climbing ladders, and other game actions
- Improved tooltips that provide more information and less frustration
- Roughly Enough Items, which lets you browse items and recipes
- A keybind that allows you to change your camera angle (not position) freely
- 3D skin rendering, and the ability to hide player armor whenever you want
</details>

<details>
<summary>Fixes</summary>
This also provides a few fixes/tweaks for things you might not like:

- A button on the multiplayer menu that lets you refresh your authentication status
- Disables chat reports when possible
- Reverts to the old taskbar logo
- Enhances the UI when riding a mount/boat
- Improves functionality when using the mouse in the inventory or selecting chat text
- Adds a command that lets you refresh ghost blocks
</details>

<details>
<summary>Interface</summary>
To help improve the various screens and menus at your disposal, this pack:

- Adds search menu for your keybinds
- Lets list entries for resource packs and datapacks be draggable
- Cleans up the F3 menu
- Removes certain menu animations to make the game feel snappier
</details>

<details>
<summary>Chat</summary>
Chat has received a small upgrade or two:

- Player heads show up to names in chat
- Chat history is longer and doesn't get erased when you quit the game
- A quick `/r` command to reply to the most recent whisper you've received
</details>

<details>
<summary>Optional Features</summary>
A few extra mods are also listed as optional:

- Simple Voice Chat, for proximity chat on supported servers
- Reacharound, which allows you to place blocks up/down or side to side like on Bedrock
- Replay Mod, for recording your gameplay
- AutoHUD, in case you want HUD elements to fade away when not in use
</details>

Commit message:

sneak in step it up before modrinth approval

README.md, after:

# Quilt Client Enhancements
A compliment/add-on to the [Additive](https://modrinth.com/modpack/additive) Optifine alternative, this modpack improves your client even further.

If you're interested in other content like datapacks, mods, and more modpacks, check out my [Modrinth page](https://modrinth.com/user/badooga).

## Features
The feature lists below are not exhaustive.

<details>
<summary>Management</summary>
A few extra powerful features have been added that make this modpack stand out:

- An in-game skin menu that lets you swap your skin without having to use the launcher
- An in-game downloader/manager for the various [Vanilla Tweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/) resource packs
- An optional shared resources feature to sync your keybinds, resource packs, shaders, and other options between instances
</details>

<details>
<summary>Game</summary>
This modpack upgrades your game experience in a number of ways:

- High quality animations for eating, climbing ladders, and other game actions
- Improved tooltips that provide more information and less frustration
- Roughly Enough Items, which lets you browse items and recipes
- A keybind that allows you to change your camera angle (not position) freely
- 3D skin rendering, and the ability to hide player armor whenever you want
</details>

<details>
<summary>Fixes</summary>
This also provides a few fixes/tweaks for things you might not like:

- A button on the multiplayer menu that lets you refresh your authentication status
- Disables chat reports when possible
- Reverts to the old taskbar logo
- Enhances the UI when riding a mount/boat
- Improves functionality when using the mouse in the inventory or selecting chat text
- Adds a command that lets you refresh ghost blocks
</details>

<details>
<summary>Interface</summary>
To help improve the various screens and menus at your disposal, this pack:

- Adds search menu for your keybinds
- Lets list entries for resource packs and datapacks be draggable
- Cleans up the F3 menu
- Removes certain menu animations to make the game feel snappier
</details>

<details>
<summary>Chat</summary>
Chat has received a small upgrade or two:

- Player heads show up to names in chat
- Chat history is longer and doesn't get erased when you quit the game
- A quick `/r` command to reply to the most recent whisper you've received
</details>

<details>
<summary>Optional Features</summary>
A few extra mods are also listed as optional:

- Simple Voice Chat, for proximity chat on supported servers
- Reacharound, which allows you to place blocks up/down or side to side like on Bedrock
- Replay Mod, for recording your gameplay
- Step It Up, a smooth alternative to auto jump that lets you smoothly walk up slopes
- AutoHUD, in case you want HUD elements to fade away when not in use
</details>
